# Generators
We have seen that Groups are collections of permutations that fit together
nicely. We also have calculated that some groups are very large. For example if
we take the group of all permutation on `n` symbols it has `n!` (`n` factorial)
elements. Factorial grows really fasts as `n` gets bigger. So we are in need of
a more economical way of representing a group. One stop on the way is using
**generators**.

Generators for a group are elements that, when combined together in all possible
ways, will produce every element in the group. Take the group from the *Groups*
chapter. The elements named `b` and `c` together generate the group. To see
this, notice that `a = b^2 = b * b`, `d = b * c`, the only elements of that
group besides `b` and `c`.

## Exercises

1. How many elements has the group generated by

```
[
    0 1 2 3 4
    1 2 3 4 0
]
```

and

```
[
    0 1 2 3 4
    0 4 3 2 1
]
```

2. How many generators does the group that is generated by the following
   element has?
   
```
[
    0 1 2 3 4 5 6
    1 2 3 4 5 6 0
]
```

## Implementations
Implement an algorithm that will list all permutation elements generated by a
sequence of generators.

Start with a list of to visit permutations that contains only the identity
permutation. Also maintain a list of visited permutation that starts out empty.
Now go through the list of to visit permutations one at a time. First put it in
the visited list and then multiply every generator, and its inverse with it. Put
every permutation that you did not already visit in the to visit list. You are
finished when the to visit list is empty. The visited list contains all the
permutations generated by the generators.
