# Orbits
We have a way to solve permutation puzzle, but it is less than ideal. The
problem is that you need to explicitly enumerate all permutation. We would
rather not do this, because there could be so many of them.

In order to remedy this we are going to look at _orbits_. An orbit tells you
something were a number can end up when a group acts on it. Lets take a look at
an example. 

Take a look at the group generated by the following permutations

```
[
  0 1 2 3 4 5
  1 2 0 3 5 4
]
```

and

```
[
  0 1 2 3 4 5
  3 1 2 0 4 5
]
```

Lets focus on the number `0`, we call it the _base_. Both permutations permute
`0`. The first moves it to `1` and the second moves it to `3`. In the same way
`1` is moved to `2` and itself. Similarly `2` is moved to `0` and itself and `3`
is moved to itself and `0`. No new numbers show up after these. So the orbit of
`0` is the sequence `[0, 1, 2, 3]`.

The algorithm for determining the orbit of a number is very similar to the
algorithm of listing all the permutations generated by some generators.

1. Create a to visit list and initialize it with the element you are interested
   in. Also initialize an empty list called orbit.
2. Take an number from the to visit list. If it is not already in the orbit
   list add it. See where the number is moved to under all generators. For each
   moved number not already in the orbit, add it to the to visit list.
3. Loop until the to visit list is empty.

## Exercises
1. What is the orbit of `0` under the group generated by
```
[
  0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 0
]
```

2. How many different orbits does the group generated by
```
[
  0 1 2 3 4
  1 2 0 4 3
]
```

have?

3. The orbit of `0` under a certain group is `[0, 1, 2]`. What can you tell
   about the orbit of `1`.

## Implementations
Implement the algorithm to determine the orbit of a number.
