# Partial Success
If we stop and reflect on what we already can achieve, we notice that is now is
possible to solve permutation puzzles.

In the chapter on generators we learned of a way to create all permutations in a
group generated by its generators. In the chapter on words we learned how to
create combine letters to form words. Incidentally these words could be
interpreted as instructions.

If we combine these two techniques, we have a way of finding a solution to a
permutation puzzle. Below I will outline the procedure.

## Procedure
Start with a permutation puzzle you are interested in. Find and describe
generators as permutations. Choose letters that corresponds with the generators.
Find and describe a certain puzzle state you are interested in.
Then start the following procedure.

1. Start with the identity permutation together with the empty word.
2. Execute the generator procedure, making sure to multiply the to visit
   permutation as well as the to visit word with the corresponding generator and
   letter.
3. Stop until you reached the state you are interested in. This will give you a
   word `w`

This word `w` will bring the puzzle from the initial state to the state we want
to solve. If we want to solve it we need the inverse, i.e. go from the state we
want to solve to the initial state.

## Exercises
1. In the group generated by

```
[
  1 2 3 4
  2 3 4 1
]
```

and 

```
[
  1 2 3 4
  2 1 3 4
]
```

Express the permutation

```
[
  1 2 3 4
  1 2 4 3
]
```

as word in the generators.

## Implementations
Implement the procedure in this chapter and use it to solve the preceding
exercises.
