# There... 
With a little more bookkeeping during the orbit algorithm we can keep track of
some useful information. Most notably a standard permutation that brought the
base to the are certain point in the orbit.

The only thing that needs to be changed is to keep track of the first known
permutation that brings the base to the new number found to be in the orbit. We
call such a permutation a _transversal_.
Specifically augment the algorithm with the following steps

1. Create a transversals list and initialize it with the identity permutation.
2. For every number you add to the orbit list, also add the permutation that
   brought the base to this number to the transversal list.

## ... and back again
Why would we want to know about transversals?

The reason that a standardized permutation for getting the base to an other number in the orbit is beneficial is because you can use it to simplify the group. Let me explain.

Imagine you have a group that you know nothing about and you would like to know
a bit better. Let's say that the number `0` is moved by some of the permutations
in the group. We can then make a distinction between the permutations of the
group. Those permutations that move the number `0` and those that don't.

If you think long and hard you can realize that the permutations that leave `0`
fixed form a group by itself. I.e. if you multiply two permutations that do not
move `0`, you get an other permutation that does leave `0` alone. The group that
fixes `0` is smaller than the group you started with, which is great. The only
problem is how to describe this group.

We learned how to describe groups by listing generators, i.e. permutations that
when combined form all the permutations of a group. If only we would know
generators for the the group that fixes `0`.

This is where transversals come in. If you have a permutation that moves the
base, let's call it `g`, we can create an permutation that fixes `0` by
multiplying with the corresponding transversal element inverse, let's call it
`t`. I.e `gt^-1` fixes the base. The great thing is if we take all these products
they generate the group that fixes base. This group is called the _stabilizer_.

We can extend our orbit algorithm yet again and keep track of the generators for
the stabilizer.

1. Create an empty generator list.
2. For every number that is already in the orbit list, add the product of the
   permutation that moved the base to that number with the inverse of the
   transversal for that number to the generator list.

## Exercises
1. Determine the transversals for the orbit of `0` under the group generated by
```
[
  0 1 2 3
  1 0 2 3
]
```

and

```
[
  0 1 2 3
  0 1 3 2
]
```

2. Determine the generators for the group of permutations that leaves the `0`
   fixed in the above group.

## Implementations
1. Augment the orbit algorithm to also determine transversals.
2. Augment the orbit algorithm to determine generators for the stabilizer of the
   base.

